#Privacy policy for Line And Square Elimination
====


And Square Elimination APP (hereinafter referred to as "we") is fully aware of the importance of your personal information, and will do its best to protect your personal information safe and reliable. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us by adhering to the following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistency of power and responsibility, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of consent by choice, the principle of least sufficient, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, we promise that we will take corresponding security measures to protect your personal information according to the mature security standards in the industry.
Please read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using our products (or services).
I. how do we collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or in combination with other information to identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person.
We will only collect and use your personal information for the following purposes stated in this policy:
(I) provide you with online shopping service
1. Business function I: register as a user
To complete the account creation, you need to provide the following information: your name, email address, created user name and password,... .
During the registration process, if you provide the following additional information, it will help us to provide you with better service and experience: mobile phone number, job title, company, educational background,... . However, if you do not provide this information, it will not affect the basic functionality of using this service.
The above information provided by you will continue to authorize us to use during your use of the service. When you log out, we will stop using and delete the above information.
The above information will be stored in the People's Republic of China. For cross-border transmission, we will ask for your authorization and consent separately.
2. Business function ii: product display, personalized recommendation and sending promotional marketing information.
(abbreviated)
(ii) carry out internal data analysis and research, and provide third-party SDK statistical services to improve our products or services
We collect data based on your interactions with us and your choices, including your privacy Settings and the products and features you use. We collect data may include the SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service providers (isps), IP address, platform, timestamp, identifier, version of the application, the application distribution channels, independent device identifier, iOS advertising identifier (IDFA), android advertisers identifier, nic (MAC) address, international mobile equipment identification number (IMEI), equipment type, terminal manufacturers, terminal equipment operating system version, session start/stop time, local language, time zone and network status (WiFi, etc.), hard disk, CPU, and battery usage, etc.
(3)
We seek your prior consent when we use the information for other purposes not specified in this policy.
We seek your prior consent when we wish to use the information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes.
Second, how do we use cookies and similar technologies
(a) the Cookie
To ensure that your website works properly, we store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, and some Numbers and characters. With cookies, websites can store data such as your preferences or items in your shopping basket.
We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer. Most web browsers have a Cookie blocking feature. But if you do, you'll need to change the user Settings yourself every time you visit our site. For more details on how to change your browser Settings, visit the following links: <Internet Explorer>, <Google Chrome>, <Mozilla Firefox>, <Safari>, and <Opera>.
(ii) website beacons and pixel labels
In addition to cookies, we use web beacons, pixel tags and other similar technologies on our web sites. For example, the email we send you may contain a click URL that links to the content of our website. If you click on the link, we will track the click to help us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer service. A web site beacon is usually a transparent image embedded in a web site or email. With the pixel tag in the E-mail, we can know whether the E-mail is opened or not. If you do not want your activities to be tracked in this way, you can always unsubscribe from our mailing list.
(3) Do Not Track
Many web browsers have a Do Not Track feature that allows you to post Do Not Track requests to web sites. Currently, major Internet standards bodies have not established policies on how websites should respond to such requests. However, if Do Not Track is enabled in your browser, all our websites will respect your choice.
Iii. How can we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
(1) sharing
We will not share your personal information with any other companies, organizations or individuals except the following:
1. Sharing with express consent: after obtaining your express consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
2. We may share your personal information with others in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of government authorities.
3. Sharing with our affiliated companies: your personal information may be Shared with our affiliated companies. We will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If the affiliated companies want to change the purpose of personal information processing, they will again seek your authorization and consent.
4. Sharing with authorized partners: for the purpose stated in this privacy policy, some of our services will be provided by authorized partners. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, companies we hire to provide third-party data statistics and analysis services may need to collect and access personal data for data statistics and analysis. In this case, these companies must comply with our data privacy and security requirements. We will only share your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific and specific purposes, and only share the personal information necessary to provide the service.
We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to treat personal information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
(2) assignment
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except as follows:
1. Transfer with your express consent: after obtaining your express consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties;
2. In the case of merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if personal information transfer is involved, we will ask the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be subject to this privacy policy; otherwise, we will ask the company or organization to re-ask you for authorization and consent.
(3) public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information if:
1. With your express consent;
2. Disclosure based on law: we may publicly disclose your personal information under the circumstances required by laws, legal procedures, lawsuits or government authorities.
How can we protect your personal information
(a) we have used industry-standard security measures to protect your personal information and prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, when exchanging data (such as credit card information) between your browser and the service, it is protected by SSL encryption; We also provide HTTPS secure browsing for our website; We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; We use trusted protection mechanisms to protect our data from malicious attacks. We will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal information. And we will conduct security and privacy training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.
(b) we will take all reasonable and practicable measures to ensure that no irrelevant personal information is collected. We will only retain your personal information for such period of time as is necessary for the purpose set forth in the cost policy, unless the retention period is extended or permitted by law.
(c) the Internet is not an absolutely safe environment, and E-mail, instant messaging and other means of communication with our users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send personal information through such means. Please use complex password to help us ensure the security of your account.
(d) the Internet environment is not 100% secure, and we will do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send us. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access to information, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear the corresponding legal responsibility.
(v) after the unfortunate occurrence of personal information security incidents, we will inform you in a timely manner in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation of security incidents and their possible impact, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with them, the Suggestions you can independently prevent and reduce risks, and the remedial measures for you. We will timely inform you of the relevant information of the event by mail, letter, telephone, push notification and other means. If it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to issue an announcement.
At the same time, we will also, in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities, take the initiative to report the disposition of personal information security incidents.
V. your rights
In accordance with relevant laws, regulations and standards of China and common practices of other countries and regions, we guarantee that you can exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information:
(a) access to your personal information
You have the right to access your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you wish to exercise data access rights, you can do so by:
Account information - if you wish to access or edit your account's personal information and payment information, change your password, add security information, or close your account, you can do so through access.
Search information - you can access or clear your search history, view and modify interests, and manage other data in your search.
......
If you cannot access these personal information through the above link, you can always use our Web form to contact, or send an email to 437859861@qq.com. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
As long as we do not need to invest too much in your use of our products or services, we will provide you with other personal information. If you want to exercise data access, please send an email to 437859861@qq.com.
(ii) correct your personal information
You have the right to ask us to correct any errors in your personal information that we have handled. You can make a request for correction by "(I) accessing your personal information".
If you are unable to correct these personal information through the above link, you can use our Web form to contact at any time, or send an email to 437859861@qq.com. We will respond to your request for correction within 30 days.
(iii) delete your personal information
You may request us to delete your personal information if:
1. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
3. If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
4. If you no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your account;
5. If we no longer provide products or services for you.
If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also notify the entities receiving your personal information from us at the same time to request its timely deletion, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, or these entities have your independent authorization.
When you delete information from our service, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but we will delete the information when the backup is updated.
(iv) change the scope of your authorization agreement
Each business function requires some basic personal information to accomplish (see "part 1" of this strategy). You may at any time grant or revoke your authorised consent for the collection and use of additional personal information collected.
You can do it yourself by:
......
When you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the relevant personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect your previous personal information processing based on your authorization.
If you do not want to accept the commercial we send you, you can always cancel it by:
......
(v) personal information subject cancels the account
You can cancel your previously registered account at any time. You can do it by yourself by:
......
After the account is cancelled, we will stop providing products or services for you and delete your personal information according to your requirements, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations.
The subject of personal information obtains a copy of personal information
You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information and you may do so by yourself:
......
If technically feasible, such as data interface matching, we can also directly transfer your personal information copy to the third party you specify upon your request.
(vii) automatic decision-making of constrained information system
In some business functions, we may only make decisions based on non-manual automatic decision-making mechanism including information system, algorithm, etc. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to ask us for an explanation, and we will also provide appropriate remedies.
(viii) respond to your above request
For security, you may need to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request.
We'll give a reply within thirty days. If you are not satisfied, you can also make a complaint through the following channels:
......
For your reasonable request, we do not charge in principle, but for repeated requests, beyond the reasonable limit, we will charge a certain cost as the case may be. We may refuse requests that are gratuitously repetitive, that require too much technology (for example, developing new systems or radically changing existing practices), that pose a risk to the legitimate interests of others, or that are very impractical (for example, involving backing up information stored on tape).
In the following cases, we will not be able to respond to your request according to the requirements of laws and regulations:

